Added documentation for time-lapse export (master) (#9804)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/configuration/record.md

The export page in the Frigate WebUI allows for exporting real time clips with a designated start and stop time as well as exporting a time-lapse for a designated start and stop time. These exports can take a while so it is important to leave the file until it is no longer in progress.

### Time-lapse export

When exporting a time-lapse the default speed-up is 25x with 30 FPS. This means that every 25 seconds of (real-time) recording is condensed into 1 second of time-lapse video (always without audio) with a smoothness of 30 FPS.
To configure the speed-up factor, the frame rate and further custom settings, the configuration parameter `timelapse_args` can be used. The below configuration example would change the time-lapse speed to 60x (for fitting 1 hour of recording into 1 minute of time-lapse) with 25 FPS:

```yaml
record:
  enabled: True
  export:
    timelapse_args: "-vf setpts=PTS/60 -r 25"
```

> :::warning

Reviewer: My issue isn't with it being prominent. My issue is that it doesn't just apply to vaapi and it won't apply the same way to all vaapi. Also specific -q values will depend on the input resolution, frame rate, etc.

I think it would be best as a tip

> When using `ffmpeg.hwaccel_args: preset-vaapi` globally, the resulting file size might be undesirably large; depending on the underlying encoder's implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `hwaccel_args` globally hardware encoding is used for time lapse generation. The encoder determines its own behavior so the resulting file size may be undesirably large.
```

> To get a reasonable file size nevertheless, the ffmpeg parameter `-qp n` can be utilized (where `n` stands for the value of the quantisation parameter). The value can be adjusted to get an acceptable tradeoff between quality and file size for the given scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the output file size the ffmpeg parameter `-qp n` can be utilized (where `n` stands for the value of the quantisation parameter). The value can be adjusted to get an acceptable tradeoff between quality and file size for the given scenario.
```
